Q. When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
A. A remote repository would be helpful if the user wants to work on the repository from more than one machines. Additionally, it would also be useful in case of multiple contributors to a project.

Q. Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
A. One might not want to stay up-to-date with remote repository if they want to maintain a different version of the project on their local repository. Additionally, in case of multiple contributors one may not want to always pull changes made by others on their machine.

Q. Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
A. Branches exist on the same repository and are used when one needs to make experimental changes or work in collaboration with others on a project.
Clones are simply the copies of repositories. They can be to and from any repository at all and are used when one needs to completely separate two versions of a project.
Forks are basically clones made to and from the GitHub server only.

Q. What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
A. Having a copy of last known state of the remote stored locally enables the user to be aware of the changes made since and how it might affect the project. One can compare them using diff and make sure if they want to merge the two versions or create a separate branch.

Q.How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
A. To collaborate without using Git or GitHub, one will have to exchange change logs manually. This can be a cumbersome process and the chances of changes made without a good explanation are high. It might work on smaller projects but on the more complicated ones it would be almost impossible to convey the reasoning behind each and every change to everyone involved. Clearly, using Git and GitHub would be much easier. 
